I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
In that instant, everything changed.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub, and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
His confidence would have been admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
With the high wind warning
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
There were white-out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.